Unhappy Refrain

A shotgun and a telecaster - words lined up in rows, unhappy
Alone, in a cityscape - do you hate the sound of shots fired?
I sang until I ruined my voice - wasting so much time
Now I've finally got you, I'm not about to let you go
"Her solo concert was a huge success!" My head is full of shoujo manga
All my ammo is gone - guess it's time to turn back for now
How many times have I taken advantage of perfect circumstances laid out for me?
I'm saying "bye-bye" to this stupid life - I think my ride's almost here
Asking "What's wrong with this picture?" has left me dizzy
Please tell me how to look back on the past
I've got everything I need, everything I need
Are you sure? Well, if you say so... If you say so...
Guess you could say I'm lucky
Repeating the same 39 seconds, going round and round. I saw it, does that mean I'm happy?
Like hell it does!
No matter how much sound I lay down, there's no end, no beginning
That is to say, in other words, it's pointless
You just don't seem to get it
On the other side of the screen
An upside-down girl; an adult's world.
A shotgun and a telecaster - there's not a single word, so unlucky
Wounded all over, it's game over;
Doesn't it hurt just to look at?
After a harsh stumble, I gave up on "one more time";
Each rolling was an erring - and each one had you rolling in laughter
The one-man performance was a huge success - sentimental after the festival
It's a unanimous breakup - so can we turn ourselves around here?
Singing until my voice gives - how much time am I wasting?
Finally you came into my hands - say, how are you faring?
Unpleasant dreams recur, making me uneasy...
It's the fate for those who've forgotten how to err...
Please, please make me what I want to be -
"No more. No more."
That so? That so? That so?
How is that, oh, why is that happy?
Four in the morning with empty eyes, wandering lost, and wherever I end up - is that happy?
But this is just so fatiguing...
How is this, oh, how is this happy?
I'm sprawled out on a road with no end in sight, and it's crumbling to pieces
And it's crumbling to pieces
At any rate, it would seem you're in the way...
Guess you could say I'm happy
Repeating the same 39 seconds, going round and round. I saw it, does that mean I'm lucky?
Strange, because I'm not seeing any reward...
Sounds only piling upon each other, and neither an end nor a beginning comes
In short, all told, there's no point!
Right, then, I'll be jumping off right away!
Beyond the screen, she was falling;
An upside-down girl; an adult's world.
Is that...?

Rolling Girl

For lonely girls, it's always the same,
Dreaming dreams that don't come true
And churning, churning
Through the clamor in their heads
A lonely girl mutters "I'm fine",
Have words failed her?
A failure, a failure.
Obsessing over her mistakes
Makes everything spin again!
One more time, one more time
“I'll roll along today”
The girl said, the girl said
Breathing life into the words!
“How about now?”
“Not yet,
We still can't see what's ahead.
Hold your breath, for now.”
This is how it ends for a Rolling Girl,
Unable to reach the colors on the other side
The overlapping voices,
They blend together, blend together
She mutters, "I'm fine.",
but the words fail her
Not caring how it ends
An upward climb that invites mistakes
One more time, one more time
Please, get me rolling
The girl said, the girl said
With her intense silence!
“How about now?”
“Just a little more,
We should see something soon.
Hold your breath, for now.”
One more time, one more time
“I'll roll along again today”
The girl said, the girl said
Breathing laughter into the words!
“How about now? OK, you can look.
You must be exhausted too, right?”
We’ll stop breathing, now.

Tsumiki no Ningyou

I still can't find it; the sand continues to flow.
If there was a simple answer, I wonder if I could have broken the colored glass?
Why can't I run away? I'm caught in the door.
Gathering the lumps of regret is as boring as stacking a pile of building blocks.
I got tired of relying on the time that I've lost.
I don't care what happens, for reason and meaning are buried in the scenery.
So it begun: The lone hinge made a creaking sound.
And so I was the only one who caught a colorless, transparent rainbow in my hand.
I curled into a ball, I took to the stand, let's dance even though I was wrong.
That's what happened.
That's what ha-happened.
In a rusty box that no voice could reach,
A toy soldier had its glass shoes thrown away,
And they broke.
The clattering sound brought the pain into the spotlight again.
The talk of having had enough led to a force that smashed the pile of building blocks to smithereens.
They called my speechless body a doll [1]
That can't even become a toy. Just a pile of regular joy, anger, grief and pleasure.
I was defeated. That night after the string of sweet lies:
How shall I return to it? That image of stacked blocks was burnt into my eyes.
I made it in time, it was my last time, I rushed in even though I was wrong.
What has happened?
What has happened?
What has happened?
That's what I'll repeat.
I curled into a ball, I took to the stand, let's dance even if I'm wrong.
That's what happened.
That's what ha-ha-happened.
So it begun: The lone hinge made a creaking sound.
And so I was the only one who caught a colorless, transparent rainbow in my hand.
And it broke.

Boku no Sainou

The things I want to convey: not found. The brain that gives birth to words isn't there either.
It's a sound that spits out my weak self.
I want to send out this melody, riding on a prideful musical note.
Is that my talent?
I can't see it anymore. This, one-player game of despair.
I'll just wait for that lie that wavered in the distance.
Closing in zero seconds. Who will come next?
You started crying and I'm with you.
Ah, I want to be intoxicated just once more.
The teardrops that helplessly well up just don't spill over.
I think of those normal days, and I feel like something is lost.
Simply, I chase after you, so why am I sad?
The ordinary people looked so pretty.
That's just me trying to replace myself.
If it closes too much, it'll be useless from the next one on.
How did you start crying? How about I rest, by your side?
Ah, I want to be intoxicated just once more.
The teardrops that helplessly well up just spill over.
With just that damned wish, not for anything's sake,
simply, I chase after you, so why am I sad?
I think of those normal days, and I feel like something is lost.
Simply, I chase after you, so why am I sad?
The ordinary people looked so pretty.
That's just me trying to replace myself.
The ordinary people looked so pretty.
That's just me trying to replace myself.

Nichijou to Chikyuu no Gakubachi

Free answering machine service, recorded in low frequency waves
At the everyday front line, where should I go?
All at once, I spilled out the story I'd been saving.
So then, even now, anything and everything is changing without end.
Seven square meters soiled, I took in ultrasonic waves
Will you laugh at me for escaping from normal life?
The mistaken truth and the correct lies,
I confirm the answer I cut out over and over, every day.
Ah, that got farther away. I waited for a dark, dark night.
The colors suddenly lost their hue. I deliberately lose my footing.
I just want to go somewhere far away and simply descend, innocently.
But I don't understand the answer in this pointlessly clean room.
It's useless to hope, my almost-painful talent
Crush the spotlight to pieces
How does it feel to be up high?
There's no way out. This place is simply the top of the sphere.
It's useless to hope, these almost-painful feelings
That face you always have seems cold.
How does it feel to be up high?
Hey, come here.
Ah, that got farther away. I waited for a dark, dark night.
I incidentally passed someone by; no, I meant to avoid them.
I just want to go somewhere far away and sleep for a while, all by myself.
But that seems sad, exhausted at the end of the road.
I failed a second time. The loss was expected.
How does it feel to repeat nothing but simple work?
There's no way out. You realize that, right?
I don't want to expect a third failure.
If you look through this face I always have,
how does it feel to be up high, hey, come here.
It's useless to hope, my almost-painful talent
Crush the spotlight to pieces
How does it feel to be up high?
There's no way out. This place is simply the top of the sphere.
It's useless to hope, these almost-painful feelings
That face you always have seems cold
How does it feel to be up high?
Hey, come here.

Tenohira

Fall in love.
That disappeared
from my heart like foam.
The blue sky is, sadly, perfectly clear.
Is all well on its other side?
Alone, morning, afternoon, throughout the night
I softly wipe away tears.
Again! That voice reminded me of you...
"I miss you."
Now the voice that floated in the sky mixes with the atmosphere.
"May I be able to grasp your hand."
―So I wish.
As I throw away my journey and look to the clouds alone,
where might my destination be?
The blue sky gently pushes away.
It's trying to keep me from reaching the other side.
If I touched your heat
that I just saw,
how can I faintly call out my scattered feelings?
Somehow
Now, without shivering hands, this excessive "now"
Don't forget that.
In this everyday where I only think about the palm of your hand, I want to cry.
Now, even if you melt into the atmosphere, having floated in the sky,
only my unchanging feelings are there.
―That's all.
Goodbye.

Toosenbo

On the nights when I hold my breath waiting for you,
I shut the door to my heart.
The things I want to say to you,
as well as the things you want to convey to me,
all become dissolved into the muddled darkness.
I'm tired out from pretending to be someone else.
For once I want to smile from my heart!
Because I don't want you to worry about me,
please, just leave me alone.
I won't let you through.
I'm the only one playing hide-and-seek.
It's an innocent spoiled child's dream,
"Please keep your eyes off me.
Please let go of me.
Smile with your innocent eyes!"
Things like "when we meet again the next time"
will only become meaningless cracks on my heart.
Life by myself in that crevice,
while it goes on, has dampened the tense atmosphere.
On the nights when I hold my breath waiting for you,
I'm running from my heart!
―My words,
are at my will to formulate,
if there would eventually be any meaning to them.
"I won't let you through,
and as for me I'll play hide-and-seek.
It's an innocent and overindulged delusion,
but I wish I hadn't done that.
I no longer wish to look at myself.
Smile with your innocent eyes!"
I won't let you through.
I'm the only one playing hide-and-seek.
It's an innocent spoiled child's dream,
Please keep your eyes off me.
Please let go of me.
Smile with your innocent eyes!
I won't let you through.

Line Art

I look back the faraway days now.
I can hear a voice calling out you and me!
If only I were dyed with the color painting the inside of you,
the color connected to the sky!
I try and touch the feeling of it.
If I forget the past that's gone,
and connect a line to a line.
Now a thundering roar echoes from here.
Let me fly to the sky

Uro-Omote Lovers

I woke up from a dream full of delight inside my head-space
A perplexing thing called Love took over, and then
I couldn't keep my heart-space from splitting in two
Never had the capacity to control it in the first place
With my mostly naive theory of emotion somewhere in that spray of words
I was someway, somehow looking for a pair of eyes to find out where it's at--LIFE
Every day is full of "why" did this, did that, but in the end, it's sayonara baby
Our side facing truth, one side running my two-sided heart
Is there no good out there? I ask my topsy-turvy self
Inside myself, beside myself, insides turned inside out, ahhhh
Just touching by instinct with nothing to say
Hurting, touching, gasping, feeling like I could climb to heaven
But I'm stuck going nowhere here and there
Take that leap to the other side
Get head over heels in love, breathe from your diaphragm
Jump into a intense taste, front side, flip side, big as life
Force them together, stick them over your retinas
Just give yourself to love! Want-don't-want to see you--NO!
I woke up from a dream full of misery inside my head-space
A perplexing thing called Love took over, and then
I couldn't keep my heart-space from splitting in two
No limiter etc. could ever control it in the first place
Mostly vaguely innocent calamity strewn by my swollen ego
Telling me where I'm at, these words I think I've grasped
Every day is full of "why", did this, did that, but in the end, it's sayonara baby
One side facing truth, one side running, my two-sided heart
Is there no good out there, I ask my topsy-turvy self
Inside myself, beside myself, insides turned inside out, ahhhh
Just touching by instinct with nothing to say
Hurting, touching, gasping, feeling like I could climb to heaven
But I'm stuck going nowhere here and there
Take that leap to the other side
Hate blindly, make plans to go today
Make me insist on it, wait for my life-sized flip side!
Tempt me with a taunt, sing for the hell of it
Just give yourself to love! No such thing as love--NO
Get head over heels in love, take a deep breath
The intensity takes you front side, flip side, big as life
Force them together, stick them over your retinas
Just give yourself to love! Love love love love--NO!

Grey  Zone nite

Take me away from this world that has no paths for me.
Try to retie a knot when the unknown solution is loosening.
There is nothing to learn from this meaningless era.
Let's bid farewell, "Goodbye, dear neighbor."
I'm coming into contact and mingling with you in a fantasy world!
Are you having fun today without me?
Drenched in morning dews, I am by myself.
Having lost my words, I'm sulking to the setting sun.
I'm making a sketch of the town that's sleeping in the moonlight.
In my right hand, there's nothing but endless regret.
I hate, despise, and detest...both yesterday and today.
I also hate today and tomorrow and everything else.
Everything is disappearing.
Let's start escaping right now! Nothing wrong with that!
A night where we cry alone, nothing wrong with that.
Now in a world where we no longer have to face reality,
let's collect our sorrows one by one.

Zurete Iku

The corpse vanished somewhere.
Meanwhile, I just want to escape.
The sensation of you, shy and with
your back to me, is out of step.
I was ended by spot-the-difference.
Voices shout “1, 2, 3!”
“Something’s missing.”
It’s style, right?
Running footsteps
Echo. Suttakaratta.
Your right half was out of step
and melted into the left half.
This is what the onlooker,
who got mad at your shy look, says.
That's right.
I hate
you now.
“They vanished somewhere.” Is that how it’s gotta be?
I just want to take you there.
Tapping at a window that won’t break
made me doubt your sensations.
Your right half was out of step
and melted into the left half.
This is what the onlooker,
who got mad at your shy look, says.
You’re getting out of step.
Anyway,
you head somewhere
I don't know.
It’s like
nothing happened.
The painful, painful scars from
spot-the-difference
become days full of misunderstandings.
I want to force a game of spot-the-misunderstanding. I want to see.
All alone, I think
“what’s that?” Grant me the power to look in.\

Reversible Doll

Three years ago, they shot me
and now I’m beckoned by the same voiceless voices.
I’ve been running from the essential song ever since.
I was tired of straightening
simple, meaningless lines.
I chewed and spat out arrogant noises.
In three seconds, in this stopped world
my heart’s environment was tangled up.
I was made to walk away from the fight in front of me.
I did the same thing over and over
and I sold myself.
My values seemed self-conscious.
Even if I cut them off with a joke
they’ll come after me.
“I murmured the wrong answer.
I’m beyond help.”
It doesn’t matter if I say that
since you won’t listen to me.
It’s all begun. All of it?
Nothing’s disappeared, right?
Ah, I’m so tired.
The vain doll
dances, spins and leaps
wherever it wants!
I just wanted to say I love you
and all the sounds joined up.
What do I need to do
for love to grow empty and disappear?
“My hatred missed the mark.”
That’s what I spoke about
in chronological order.
I raced off. “And… go!”
In my empty room, I’m so delusional.
Three years ago, they shot me
and now I’m beckoned by the same voiceless voices.
Three years later, I trace over your back with the pen you gave me
I wonder why these meaningless lines
could be joined together so easily.
The path to feigning arrogant lust closes.
Ah, I stowed everything away
in this sunken room.
With a pessimistic greeting
I deceive this weeping night.
“Well, from now on
feel free to do as you like.”
How did it turn out?
I went missing for a while after that.
Who got so flustered?
I acted like that
because I didn’t think anything
after hearing those words, right?
It’s begun, all of it.
Nothing has disappeared.
“Ah, how tough.”
Play, throw away, and pick it back up, spinning all around.
I just wanted to say I love you
and all the sounds joined up.
What do I need to do
for love to grow empty and disappear?
“My hatred missed the mark.”
That’s what I spoke about
in chronological order.
I raced off. “And… go!”
In my empty room, I’m so delusional.
“I love you.” Those are the only words
I want to say before sinking down.
Just like that, I’ll hold back my feelings
and speak without thinking.
By destroying my hatred
I became a doll who only screamed.
I ran away. “And… go!”
In this empty sky, that’s it. It’s over.

World's End Dancehall

Cross the borderline of black and white
And climb the stairway, up and up we go
Nothing good to do, just bored to death
Hey, can I take your hand and steal you away?
Step and stumble, do you want to go on?
Don't you worry, the altar is our floor
Toss and turn, and dizzy up ourselves, and
Keep on dancing, you and me right here now
Bury the room with all the shrill calls, voices
Swirl the senses, down and down we go
Nothing good to do, just bored to tears
Hey, why don't we make a clean breast of it now?
Find the meaning of connecting with these simple words
Reason of disliking without seeing hers
Finding it, finding it, no meaning, no reason
I gnash my teeth with my face smiling shy
I smile with my eyes shut and everything black
I don't want to bore myself with all of that nonsense!
Hop and step, may I have this dance?
This is the world's end, shall we do the 'one, two'?
Drink in all of this apocalyptism
How about a little taste of daze, and
Tick and tack, the moment's moving on
Shoot now, say cheese, our time is running out
Round and round and going round and round
Intoxicate, the world's getting high
A spatial just for you bystanders
Jump in the terminal, let's start the race
Nothing good to do, just bored to death
Hey, can I take your hand and steal you away?
Something seems to be unusual, wrong
Shall we believe in what is called "our fate"?
Step and stumble, do you want to go on?
No, no, how about making a fool of ourselves?
Find the meaning of repeating all these foolish moves
Reason to make steps as the music grooves
Finding it, finding it, no meaning, no reason
I just want to dance when I need a little blue
I just want to laugh when I need a little tear
I don't want to hear anymore of that ego!
Pop and sense, may I have this song?
Before the world's end, shall we sing the 'un, deux'?
My heart, it's yours, can you hear the beat?
No, no, not yet, I won't forget how
Oh my, look and see, what a lovely view!
There and there, the world's a monochrome highway
Crawl and creep, not a single piece will move
Anyhow, it's dead, nothing's going to change
Hop and step, may I have this dance?
This is the world's end, shall we do the 'one, two'?
Drink in all of this apocalyptism
How about a little taste of daze, and
Tick and tack, the moment's moving on
Shoot now, say cheese, our time is running out
Farewell, so long, have a nice day
Goodbye to this world's end dancehall

Prism Cube

It's dark, dark. From the world,
I hear orders to "cry."
I didn't feel like there was anything.
Was something there?
The things I've got to convey
Are still there, I believe.
They're disposable words.
Was something there?
Ah...
Maybe I can't hear you
Inside my rotating head.
I haven't even got the time to remember.
I can't hear anything.
Even if we shut up, covered our ears,
And enumerated everything we felt,
Our chaotic emotions
Would unsteadily cry.
A nearly painful beginning
Was waiting for me.
I completely believe
In that dreadfully lovely joke!
It hurts, it hurts. From the future,
I hear orders not to come to me.
I didn't feel like there was anything.
Wasn't something there?
"The things I've got to see
Will be disgusting soon," I said, ears covered.
Did the gentleness that was just stolen
Become something?
"Don't be here." "Smile fakely."
The world is full of glimmers.
It glitters with that misery
Locked up inside.
It's aching, aching. I can't say it.
It's too bright to see
With just my words, you know—
The box in my heart!
It's dark, dark. In this world, c'mon,
How many times will I do it over again?
Yet I can't come to hate it.
Why is that, I wonder?